[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to our los angeles lakers
championship
extravaganza and we have music tonight
of the electronic variety from boulder
colorado this is their latest album it's
called want music from 303 and next week
by the way we will be joined by um shia
labeouf josh duelmel david cross megan
fox and other celebrities to be named
later our guests tonight are the tallest
and most popular men in all of southern
california they beat the orlando magic
in five games to become champions of the
basketball world from the los angeles
lakers please welcome trevor ariza
and your captain homie bryant
[Applause]
[Music]
there you go
what does it what does it feel like to
be the first african-american mvp of the
nba
well it's a tremendous honor
uh well congratulations guys so all of
you that is a beautiful trophy
and i would like to see i like to see
one of you weld that onto the front of
your car you know just as a foot
ornament would be a good idea actually
driving around
l.a you get to uh like bring that around
like the stanley cup or does it go back
to your headquarters it goes back to
headquarters headquarters it does
seems like you should get at least one
of those to keep for yourself you know
we should well you know they they do
like many versions of it yeah small
joints yeah we get like small ones they
don't offer them though they don't know
we have to purchase them you do really
really
well maybe you wouldn't
you got one when you left the arena yeah
well we'll take up a collection i'm sure
you guys
you guys deserve it certainly what a
great you know well it was a great uh
well the finals weren't so great it was
great for you guys it wasn't so great
for the orlando magic and well president
obama predicted you'd win in six games
right you wanted five games right do you
feel like you disappointed him
um no no you don't you know as long as
the outcome remain consistent it's all
good it's a funny thing you know when
obama makes a prediction the other
team's coach always gets mad and go
he should have better things to be
concentrating on then who's going to win
the game right were you guys excited
when because obama's like almost always
right about the he picked the steelers
in the super bowl he's really i mean he
could be a handicapper if he wasn't the
president
he's the president of the united states
what do you expect i i guess so now
derek you off the record said you should
have been named mvp
you said you've been carrying kobe too
long
but let's look at those uh three-point
shots and i think game four here
[Applause]